worldWidth = 200
worldHeight = 200

numParticles = 20000
cellWidth = 1
cellLength = 1

timeStep = 0.1
finalTime = 100

cellSpeed = 1.0

initializationMethod = InitializeAtRandom
cellMovementModel = CellFixedVelocity
posRandomNoiseFactor = 0.0

applyOrientationNoise = true
orientationRandomNoiseFactor = 0.1
  
applyCellReversals = false
asynchronousCellReversals = true
meanCellReversalTime = 8.0
  
applySideContactSignaling = false
refractoryPeriod = 3.0
alignOriThreshold = 0.2618
sideSignalProb = 0.1
  
neighborCellAlignmentFlag = true
cellAlignmentModel = NematicAlignment
neighborAlignmentFactor = 0.1
neighborSearchRadius = 1.0
drawSearchAABB = false
  
drawCellShapeFlag = false
drawCellVectorFlag = true
drawCellOutlineFlag = false
drawCellNumFlag = false
drawCellCenterFlag = false
  
slimeCreationFlag = false
slimeProduceRate = 20  
slimeDegradeRateConstant = 1.0
slimeGridWidth = 1  
  
slimeAlignmentFlag = false
slimeSearchRadius = 10
slimeSearchNumBins = 5
slimeAttractionTime = 1
thresholdSlimeVolume = 0.1
slimeAlignmentFactor = 0.05
  
drawSlimeShapeFlag = false
drawSlimeDirectionFlag = false
drawSlimeOutlineFlag = false
drawSlimeGrid = false
drawSlimeGridNum = true
drawSlimeAABBFlag = false
drawSlimeAlignmentDirFlag = false

applyCellGrowth = false
cellGrowthRate = 0.01
  
applyCellCellRepulsion = false
repulsionFactor = 1.0
drawRepulsionDir = false
  
initialOrientation = RandomOrientation
initialCellOrientation = 0
initialRandomOrientationCellFraction = 0.1
  
dataDir = runData
imageDir = images

saveImages = false
snapShotInterval = 0.99
writeCellInformation = false
calculationTime = 0.99

daughterCellDirectionModel = ParentCellDirection
daughterCellUniformDir = 1.57
daughterCellParentDirProb = 1.0

# GLOBAL PARAMETERS
GUI = true
cameraPosX = 100
cameraPosY = 100
cameraScale = 4.999
imageWidth = 1000
imageHeight = 1000
scaleImages = false